Update Installation Infos (#1546)
contao/docs: docs/manual/installation/quickstart.en.md

### Updating database tables

> As soon as the Contao Manager has installed all packages, the database must be updated. To do this you can 
> use the [Contao Install Tool](/en/installation/contao-installtool/) (Contao 4.13 LTS). From Contao 5 onwards, this is no longer necessary, 
> the corresponding information is requested via the Contao Manager. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As soon as the Contao Manager has installed all packages, the database must be updated. To do this you can 
use the [Contao Install Tool](/en/installation/contao-installtool/) (Contao 4.13 LTS). From Contao 5 onwards, this is no longer necessary
as the database can be updated directly via the Contao Manager. 
```
